Show using wsl in windows installation docs (#2794)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/getting-started/installation.md

* [Installation](#installation)
  * [Contents](#contents)
  * [Requirements](#requirements)

>   * [Linux and macOS](#linux-and-macos)

Author: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MacOS

Reviewer: 🍎

Reviewer 2: I was unsure if this should be capitalized or not. But this formatting works for me

## Windows

> 🐧 **Info** - WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux)
> 

> > If you're using WSL, follow the [Linux and macOS](#linux-and-macos) instructions.

Reviewer 2: Let's link this https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install as well

And say something along the lines "you can install on windows natively but can also use [wsl]. If you are usign wsl follow this ...".

## Windows

> 🐧 **Info** - WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux)
> 

> > Starknet Foundry can be installed natively on Windows, but to achieve better experience it is recommended to use [WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Starknet Foundry can be installed natively on Windows, but currently, for smoother experience, it is recommended to use [WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install).
```
